1. She don't knows how  ; to 45 love you ! in ?return. 

It is difficult to give what you don’t have. It is impossible to love someone and feel fulfilled when they can’t love you in return because they don’t love themselves.


1. She knows how to love you in return. It is difficult to give what you don’t have. It is impossible to love someone and feel fulfilled when they can’t love you in return because they don’t love themselves. This will never happen to you when you love an empowered woman. She loves herself (not in a narcissistic manner). In turn, she appreciates who you are and loves you in return. She will love you just like you deserve to be loved. 

2. She will inspire youWhen life puts you down and you are at the end of your rope, the empowered woman will be there to see you through. Her drive, enthusiasm and (at times) hopeless optimism will inspire you to carry on despite the obstacles you face. 

3. She is not afraid of failureWhile many out there are thoroughly terrified of failure, the empowered woman understands that failures are simply stepping stones in life. How can you not love someone that is thoroughly unafraid to try, fail, and give it a shot all over again?! 


4. She is all about the legacyWhile most people are focused on the car, the house, the job, and corner office; the empowered woman is focused on leaving a legacy that will inspire others and change the world. The empowered woman is focused on empowering others to maximize their potential and fulfill their purpose. She is all about inspiring others to look beyond themselves and live a life of service to others.


 5. She can laugh at her mistakes……and learn from them as well! She understands mistakes are part of the journey. The empowered woman can laugh and learn from her mistakes to ensure they never happen again. 


6. She can be vulnerableThe empowered woman understands there is no debt in relationships without vulnerability. Although she is emotionally strong, she is willing to laugh and cry with you because all of these emotions are an essential part of life. 
